1.This TICKET is based on the developed system and lessons learned: Showcasing your Capstone project is an essential step in communicating your work, demonstrating your technical and teamwork capabilities, and reflecting on your development process. Follow the tasks below to prepare for the final poster session:
a.Brainstorm with Mentors (Group Work: 1 hour): Meet with your mentor(s) to decide what aspects of your Capstone project will be showcased. Discuss the key features, challenges, and lessons learned. Determine how these will be visually and verbally communicated on your poster.
b.Design the Poster (Group Work: 1 hour): Work as a group to design a compelling and informative poster. The poster should effectively summarize the project’s objective, approach, technologies used, and key results. Use visuals and concise descriptions for better clarity and impact.
c. Include System Architecture (Group Work: 1 hour): Incorporate a well-labeled system architecture diagram that communicates the structure and design of your software solution. You can refer to examples like this to guide your layout.Links to an external site.
d. Document the Artifact (Group Work: 1 hours): Ensure the poster is complete, polished, and ready for submission. (As per the School of Computer Science instruction (posters of size 24’’ x 36’’ (24 inches by 36 inches)  and display stands will be provided. The students are free to choose between portrait or landscape orientation.  Either one is fine. )
e. Print the Artifact (Group Work: 1 hours):  If your group joins the School of Computer Science Poster Session, showcase your hard work with a professionally printed poster—check with your Mentor/Client for possible sponsorship or handle printing as a team. If you choose to present during the Final Exam Session, a digital poster will do just fine. Either way, make your project shine and be proud of what you’ve built!
2 Submission and Presentation (Product Owner: 2 min)

a.Submit the Artifact This is a group task, and the Product Owner is responsible for submitting the artifact digital version before the poster session deadline. The artifact should reflect the group’s collective decisions and preparation.

b. Present the Artifact: During the allocated time slot, the group should coordinate to ensure that at least one member is present at all times to represent the project. It is a shared responsibility to make sure the project is properly presented and questions are answered.
c. Evaluate the Artifact: During the time allocated, All team members must be present and available to answer questions during your scheduled time slot.